Group mentions doc: update sections where user mentions are documented to add groups (#2655)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/ready-made-features/notifications/hooks.mdx

[Suspense](#suspense-hooks), which we recommend by default, and
[regular](#regular-hooks).

## useGroupInfo hook [#group-hook]

Similar to users, Liveblocks only stores group IDs for groups. With the
[`useGroupInfo`](/docs/api-reference/liveblocks-react#useGroupInfo) hook, you

> can fetch a group's information from their ID. This is particularly helpful when
> building custom components, as this allows you fetch their name, avatar, and any
> other custom data you've set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can fetch a group’s information from their ID. This is particularly helpful when
building custom components, as this allows you to fetch their name, avatar, and any
other custom data you’ve set.
```
